today is a very beautiful day the birds sing the gays and reggaeton were
murdered but rough something really crazy is going to happen today
but it's good that he's already perfect for wanking
yes i was telling you that pollution i want french fries
hey like we call the pj for some potatoes to the people
but if he punches door well away
well this is the plan we go for pj and we say that it is an urgency this of the
potatoes
tell him to bring a coca too
trillo that costs you to go to the town to buy some potatoes
it is urgent is life or death I hope it is not another of his ballads of the
saints cojones ando activity happened you bring some copies he waits
but that the claudia la ilp
meanwhile claudia garros her porn magazine
oo and went to get a bale of what was coming
good
I think you have to make some couples in the mountains while cj arrive I hope that
the voyeur give an idea in the mind
percent
for lara
counter
the sabbath day
as nothing points borja hahahahahahahaha I will kill has reiterated to employees
from his briefcase borja hahahahaha but burned today
alavesa to attack
in it he wants me to stay
I'm going to practice for stories that taking my coke xdddd
guadeloupe
what the fuck
fuck an asshole use stuffed will be better than there a good site and that
prepare a plan to take revenge of that unhappy man is going to eat his own house
the the the the board
shit I can not find anything
uu there some asshole left his car here apparently i'm going to get
revenge on that unhappy I'm sorry for that progress in let you left your car
parked there
good that a shocker hurt her session
and finally fortunately and if it really goes and ruiz Polanco who commands
with fear the car auto has a computer system I think I got
the lottery with this piece of carcachas
Well, I'd better put the radio
undue to radio pelotudeces 46
12 fm number one in your fucking good son the first one we will pass with the
pinches news first news that surprised obama's wife
it constitutes in 12 for the rest of communities porn videos of the hole
it shields itself against the gases and is not eating so much in beans cecyted ere
According to the news the army plans to use the mountain in Chile to be
erotic sutures indicated nuclear and finally damage to 0 with the
fucking phone is where the town of the pj is then good we go to
listen to something good
Now if you are going to pay me that unhappy curd jajajajajajajajajajajajajaja
xddddd of dd dd dd dd dd dd dd dd dd dd dd dd dd dd dd dd dd dd i am the king
of the universe
a hairdresser of concentrates
ironically environment the issue that never never counted
you take shit asshole
and give me back my stopping grades jack to
Guadalajara already hosted there is someone up there
damn
the one who complained finally got revenge I wish abuse and I recovered my briefcase full of
blood facts
Meanwhile
It was left vat rate with the Lord of the Popes to ask for your order
Uncle pussy I'm tired of running down the potatoes
It will be better than stealing a car from the balls
dm some potatoes with extra salami please
and if you could please give me a discount of 99% thanks
Mr
here we do not want of that is not asshole and says not to have so much tele
your fucking mother so much of readers a fucking shit that I'm sorry to leave
printed this is an emergency and you leave me with your works now you will see the
faces with 99 percent discount of unemployment exceeded the head and tuft but at
final she
I'm going to take care of that bastard Raineri. I'm going to deny that the baby
while cj argued with the lord of the palapas
Claudia was looking for a river to rape him for interrupting his good partner.
will ask what is this fucking place
This sector is what opened the CJ with the money that was obtained from the
tips from the waiters and from the tithes of the churches when he worked for the
church is why the town is built with poor quality and is
incomplete all this started because he left another was up to the balls of
the roes of their neighbors and always
you know most of the simulation results are perfectly
acceptable
I think they are acceptable but there is an object that obstructs us
apparently it's something very big
shooting in the air destroy that damn thing before it grows more
is the town says j we can not allow it
will have to go through our capacities scientific studies of the
united states and that this one
well then all those who contributed to the gd practically unharmed
but let's see
more agents
matter in these assholes but broken
and that kind of crazy ideas of miera